using different types of leadership strategies on different types of people.
For example, a sailor who has been in, uh, this organization
for a very long time. Uh, one of the leadership strategies I would uses
or even speak about would be for him to he or she to be open minded,
open minded for growth or toe. Learn something new. Um, And then
my sailor who comes in that is, uh, brand new, uh, fresh out of boot
camp. Motivated, uh, I think hit a different leadership strategy
for him. Or he or she would be to, uh, tell him what I need, Thio. What
needs to happen and allow them to either share their experiences
so that they can feel part of the team. So two different types of leadership
style, you have to meet the person where they're at in there
journey in this organization.